Localise out Fontawesome use. (#4169)
naturalcrit/homebrewery: font-awesome-source/README.md

# About

> Run `deploy.bash` to download, extract, and deploy the font awesome files into place for building. Should only be needed when versions change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `deploy.bash` to download, extract, and deploy the font awesome files into place for building. Should only be needed when Font Awesome version changes and we want the new version.
```

Reviewer: I thought the sentence meant when we changed versions.
